  TECH:ETHICS User Agreement
If you live in the United States, the TECH:ETHICS User Agreement comprises these Terms of Service, our Privacy Policy, the TECH:ETHICS Rules and all incorporated policies.
If you live in the European Union or otherwise outside the United States, the TECH:ETHICS User Agreement comprises these Terms of Service, our Privacy Policy, the TECH:ETHICS Rules and all incorporated policies.
      
  TECH:ETHICS Terms of Service If you live in the United States
These Terms of Service (“Terms”) govern your access to and use of our services, including our various websites, SMS, APIs, email notifications, applications, buttons, widgets, ads, commerce services, and our other covered services (https://support.twitter.com/articles/20172501) that link to these Terms (collectively, the “Services”), and any information, text, links, graphics, photos, audio, videos, or other materials or arrangements of materials uploaded, downloaded or appearing on the Services (collectively referred to as “Content”). By using the Services you agree to be bound by these Terms.
1. Who may use the services
You may use the Services only if you agree to form a binding contract with TECH:ETHICS and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of the
applicable jurisdiction. In any case, you must be at least 13 years old, or in the case of Periscope 16 years old, to use the Services. If you are accepting these Terms and using the Services on behalf of a company, organization, government, or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to do
so and have the authority to bind such entity to these Terms, in which case the words “you” and “your” as used in these Terms shall refer to such entity.
2. Privacy
Our Privacy Policy (https://www.twitter.com/privacy) describes how we handle the information you provide to us when you use our Services. You understand that through your use of the Services you consent to the collection and use (as set forth in the Privacy Policy) of this information, including the transfer of this information to the United States, Ireland, and/or other countries for storage, processing and use by TECH:ETHICS and its affiliates.
3. Content on the services
You are responsible for your use of the Services and for any Content you provide, including compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations. You should only provide Content that you are comfortable sharing with others.
Any use or reliance on any Content or materials posted via the Services or obtained by you through the Services is at your own risk. We do not endorse, support, represent or guarantee the completeness, truthfulness, accuracy, or
    
 reliability of any Content or communications posted via the Services or endorse any opinions expressed via the Services. You understand that by using the Services, you may be exposed to Content that might be offensive, harmful, inaccurate or otherwise inappropriate, or in some cases, postings that have been mislabeled or are otherwise deceptive. All Content is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such Content. We may not monitor or control the Content posted via the Services and, we cannot take responsibility for such Content.
We reserve the right to remove Content that violates the User Agreement, including for example, copyright or trademark violations, impersonation, unlawful conduct, or harassment. Information regarding specific policies and the process for reporting or appealing violations can be found in our Help Center (https:// support.twitter.com/articles/15789#specific-violations and https://support.twitter. com/articles/15790).
If you believe that your Content has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please report this by visiting our Copyright reporting form (https://support.twitter.com/forms/dmca) or contacting our designated copyright agent at:
TECH:ETHICS, Inc.
Attn: Copyright Agent
1355 Market Street, Suite 900
San Francisco, CA 94103
Reports: https://support.twitter.com/forms/dmca Email: copyright@twitter.com
(for content on TECH:ETHICS)
TECH:ETHICS, Inc.
Attn: Copyright Agent - Periscope
1355 Market Street, Suite 900
San Francisco, CA 94103
Reports: https://support.twitter.com/forms/dmca Email: copyright@pscp.tv
(for content on Periscope)
Your rights and grant of rights in the content
You retain your rights to any Content you submit, post or display on or through the Services. What’s yours is yours — you own your Content (and your incorporated audio, photos and videos are considered part of the Content).
By submitting, posting or displaying Content on or through the Services, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license (with the right to sublicense) to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, display and distribute such Content in any and all media or distribution methods (now known or later developed). This license authorizes us to make your Content
       
 available to the rest of the world and to let others do the same. You agree that this license includes the right for TECH:ETHICS to provide, promote, and improve the Services and to make Content submitted to or through the Services available
to other companies, organizations or individuals for the syndication, broadcast, distribution, promotion or publication of such Content on other media and services, subject to our terms and conditions for such Content use. Such additional uses by TECH:ETHICS, or other companies, organizations or individuals, may be made with no compensation paid to you with respect to the Content that you submit, post, transmit or otherwise make available through the Services.
TECH:ETHICS has an evolving set of rules for how ecosystem partners can interact with your Content on the Services. These rules exist to enable an open ecosystem with your rights in mind. You understand that we may modify or adapt your Content as it is distributed, syndicated, published, or broadcast by us and our partners and/or make changes to your Content in order to adapt the Content to different media.
You represent and warrant that you have, or have obtained, all rights, licenses, consents, permissions, power and/or authority necessary to grant the rights granted herein for any Content that you submit, post or display on or through the Services. You agree that such Content will not contain material subject to copyright or other proprietary rights, unless you have necessary permission or are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to grant TECH:ETHICS the license described above.
4. Using the services
Please review the TECH:ETHICS Rules (and, for Periscope, the Periscope Community Guidelines at https://www.pscp.tv/content), which are part of the User Agreement and outline what is prohibited on the Services. You may use the Services only in compliance with these Terms and all applicable laws, rules and regulations.
Our Services evolve constantly. As such, the Services may change from time to time, at our discretion. We may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing the Services or any features within the Services to you or to users generally. We also retain the right to create limits on use and storage at our sole discretion at any time. We may also remove or refuse to distribute any Content on the Services, suspend or terminate users, and reclaim usernames without liability to you.
In consideration for TECH:ETHICS granting you access to and use of the Services, you agree that TECH:ETHICS and its third-party providers and partners may place advertising on the Services or in connection with the display of Content or information from the Services whether submitted by you or others. You also agree not to misuse our Services, for example, by interfering with them or accessing them using a method other than the interface and the instructions
    
 that we provide. You may not do any of the following while accessing or using the Services: (i) access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Services,
TECH:ETHICS’s computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of TECH:ETHICS’s providers; (ii) probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network or breach or circumvent any security or authentication measures; (iii) access or search or attempt to access or search the Services by any means (automated or otherwise) other than through our currently available, published interfaces that are provided by TECH:ETHICS (and only pursuant to the applicable terms and conditions), unless you have been specifically allowed to do so in a separate agreement with TECH:ETHICS (NOTE: crawling the Services is permissible if done
in accordance with the provisions of the robots.txt file, however, scraping
the Services without the prior consent of TECH:ETHICS is expressly prohibited); (iv) forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or posting, or in any way use the Services to send altered, deceptive
or false source-identifying information; or (v) interfere with, or disrupt, (or attempt to do so), the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, mail-bombing
the Services, or by scripting the creation of Content in such a manner as to interfere with or create an undue burden on the Services. We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce the Terms, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect the rights, property or safety of TECH:ETHICS, its users and the public. TECH:ETHICS does not disclose personally-identifying information to third parties except in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
If you use developer features of the Services, including but not limited to TECH:ETHICS for Websites (https://dev.twitter.com/web/overview), TECH:ETHICS Cards (https:// dev.twitter.com/cards/overview), Public API (https://dev.twitter.com/streaming/ public), or Sign in with TECH:ETHICS (https://dev.twitter.com/web/sign-in), you agree to our Developer Agreement (https://dev.twitter.com/overview/terms/agreement) and Developer Policy (https://dev.twitter.com/overview/terms/policy). If you want to reproduce, modify, create derivative works, distribute, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, or otherwise use the Services or Content on the Services, you must use the interfaces and instructions we provide, except as permitted through the TECH:ETHICS Services, these Terms, or the terms provided on dev.twitter.com.
If you use advertising features of the Services, you must agree to our TECH:ETHICS Master Services Agreement (https://ads.twitter.com/terms).
If you use Super Hearts, Coins, or Stars on Periscope, you agree to our Super Hearts Terms (https://legal.twitter.com/en/periscope/super/terms.html).
                      
 Your account
You may need to create an account to use some of our Services. You are responsible for safeguarding your account, so use a strong password and limit its use to this account. We cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the above.
You can control most communications from the Services. We may need to provide you with certain communications, such as service announcements and administrative messages. These communications are considered part of the Services and your account, and you may not be able to opt-out from receiving them. If you added your phone number to your account and you later change
or deactivate that phone number, you must update your account information to help prevent us from communicating with anyone who acquires your old number.
Your license to use the services
TECH:ETHICS gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non- exclusive license to use the software provided to you as part of the Services. This license has the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services as provided by TECH:ETHICS, in the manner permitted by these Terms. The Services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Nothing in the Terms gives you a right to use the TECH:ETHICS name or any of the TECH:ETHICS trademarks, logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand features. All right, title, and interest in and to the Services (excluding Content provided by users) are and will remain the exclusive property of TECH:ETHICS and its licensors. Any feedback, comments, or suggestions you may provide regarding TECH:ETHICS, or the Services is entirely voluntary and we will be free to use such feedback, comments or suggestions as we see fit and without any obligation to you.
Ending these terms
You may end your legal agreement with TECH:ETHICS at any time by deactivating
your accounts and discontinuing your use of the Services. See http://support. twitter.com/articles/15358-how-to-deactivate-your-account (and for Periscope, https://help.pscp.tv/customer/portal/articles/2460220) for instructions on how to deactivate your account and the Privacy Policy for more information on what happens to your information.
We may suspend or terminate your account or cease providing you with all or part of the Services at any time for any or no reason, including, but not limited to, if we reasonably believe: (i) you have violated these Terms or the TECH:ETHICS Rules or Periscope Community Guidelines, (ii) you create risk or possible legal exposure for us; (iii) your account should be removed due to prolonged inactivity; or (iv) our provision of the Services to you is no longer commercially viable. We will make reasonable efforts to notify you by the email address associated with your
     
 account or the next time you attempt to access your account, depending on the circumstances. In all such cases, the Terms shall terminate, including, without limitation, your license to use the Services, except that the following sections shall continue to apply: II, III, V, and VI.
5. Disclaimers and limitations of liability
The services are available “as-is”
Your access to and use of the Services or any Content are at your own risk. You understand and agree that the Services are provided to you on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The “TECH:ETHICS Entities” refers to TECH:ETHICS, its
parents, affiliates, related companies, officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, partners, and licensors. Without limiting the foregoing, to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, THE TWITTER ENTITIES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. The TECH:ETHICS Entities make no warranty
or representation and disclaim all responsibility and liability for: (i) the completeness, accuracy, availability, timeliness, security or reliability of the Services or any Content; (ii) any harm to your computer system, loss of data,
or other harm that results from your access to or use of the Services or any Content; (iii) the deletion of, or the failure to store or to transmit, any Content
and other communications maintained by the Services; and (iv) whether the Services will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained from the TECH:ETHICS Entities or through the Services, will create any warranty or representation not expressly made herein.
Limitation of liability
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE TWITTER ENTITIES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUES, WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, USE, GOODWILL, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, RESULTING FROM (i) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES; (ii) ANY CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY
ON THE SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD PARTIES; (iii) ANY CONTENT OBTAINED FROM THE SERVICES; OR (iv) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR CONTENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE TWITTER ENTITIES EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS (U.S. $100.00)
OR THE AMOUNT YOU PAID TWITTER, IF ANY, IN THE PAST SIX MONTHS FOR THE SERVICES GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM. THE LIMITATIONS OF THIS

 SUBSECTION SHALL APPLY TO ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, STATUTE, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE TWITTER ENTITIES HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGE, AND EVEN IF A REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
6. General
We may revise these Terms from time to time. The changes will not be retroactive, and the most current version of the Terms, which will always be at twitter.com/tos, will govern our relationship with you. We will try to notify you of material revisions, for example via a service notification or an email to the email associated with your account. By continuing to access or use the Services after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms.
The laws of the State of California, excluding its choice of law provisions, will govern these Terms and any dispute that arises between you and TECH:ETHICS. All disputes related to these Terms or the Services will be brought solely in the federal or state courts located in San Francisco County, California, United States, and you consent to personal jurisdiction and waive any objection as to inconvenient forum.
If you are a federal, state, or local government entity in the United States using the Services in your official capacity and legally unable to accept the controlling law, jurisdiction or venue clauses above, then those clauses do not apply to you. For such U.S. federal government entities, these Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the United States of America (without reference to conflict of laws) and, in the absence of federal law and to the extent permitted under federal law, the laws of the State of California (excluding choice of law).
In the event that any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect. TECH:ETHICS’s failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be deemed a waiver of such right or provision.
These Terms are an agreement between you and TECH:ETHICS, Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103 U.S.A. If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Archive of Previous Terms
   
 TECH:ETHICS Terms of Service If you live outside of the United States
These Terms of Service (“Terms”) govern your access to and use of our services, including our various websites, SMS, APIs, email notifications, applications, buttons, widgets, ads, commerce services, and our other covered services (https://support.twitter.com/articles/20172501) that link to these Terms (collectively, the “Services”), and any information, text, links, graphics, photos, audio, videos, or other materials or arrangements of materials uploaded, downloaded or appearing on the Services (collectively referred to as “Content”). By using the Services you agree to be bound by these Terms.
1. Who may use the services
You may use the Services only if you agree to form a binding contract with TECH:ETHICS and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of the
applicable jurisdiction. In any case, you must be at least 13 years old, or in the case of Periscope 16 years old, to use the Services. If you are accepting these Terms and using the Services on behalf of a company, organization, government, or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to do
so and have the authority to bind such entity to these Terms, in which case the words “you” and “your” as used in these Terms shall refer to such entity.
2. Privacy
Our Privacy Policy (https://www.twitter.com/privacy) describes how we handle the information you provide to us when you use our Services. You understand that through your use of the Services you consent to the collection and use (as set forth in the Privacy Policy) of this information, including the transfer of this information to the United States, Ireland, and/or other countries for storage, processing and use by TECH:ETHICS and its affiliates.
3. Content on the services
You are responsible for your use of the Services and for any Content you provide, including compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations. You should only provide Content that you are comfortable sharing with others.
Any use or reliance on any Content or materials posted via the Services or obtained by you through the Services is at your own risk. We do not endorse, support, represent or guarantee the completeness, truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any Content or communications posted via the Services or endorse any opinions expressed via the Services. You understand that by using the Services, you may be exposed to Content that might be offensive, harmful, inaccurate or otherwise inappropriate, or in some cases, postings that have been mislabeled or are otherwise deceptive. All Content is the sole responsibility of the
   
 person who originated such Content. We may not monitor or control the Content posted via the Services and, we cannot take responsibility for such Content.
We reserve the right to remove Content that violates the User Agreement, including for example, copyright or trademark violations, impersonation, unlawful conduct, or harassment. Information regarding specific policies and the process for reporting or appealing violations can be found in our Help Center (https:// support.twitter.com/articles/15789#specific-violations and https://support.twitter. com/articles/15790).
If you believe that your Content has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please report this by visiting our Copyright reporting form (https://support.twitter.com/forms/dmca) or contacting our designated copyright agent at:
TECH:ETHICS, Inc.
Attn: Copyright Agent
1355 Market Street, Suite 900
San Francisco, CA 94103
Reports: https://support.twitter.com/forms/dmca Email: copyright@twitter.com
(for content on TECH:ETHICS)
TECH:ETHICS, Inc.
Attn: Copyright Agent - Periscope
1355 Market Street, Suite 900
San Francisco, CA 94103
Reports: https://support.twitter.com/forms/dmca Email: copyright@pscp.tv
(for content on Periscope)
Your rights and grant of rights in the content
You retain your rights to any Content you submit, post or display on or through the Services. What’s yours is yours — you own your Content (and your incorporated audio, photos and videos are considered part of the Content).
By submitting, posting or displaying Content on or through the Services, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license (with the right to sublicense) to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, display and distribute such Content in any and all media or distribution methods (now known or later developed). This license authorizes us to make your Content available to the rest of the world and to let others do the same. You agree that this license includes the right for TECH:ETHICS to provide, promote, and improve the Services and to make Content submitted to or through the Services available
to other companies, organizations or individuals for the syndication, broadcast,
       
 distribution, promotion or publication of such Content on other media and services, subject to our terms and conditions for such Content use. Such additional uses by TECH:ETHICS, or other companies, organizations or individuals, may be made with no compensation paid to you with respect to the Content that you submit, post, transmit or otherwise make available through the Services.
TECH:ETHICS has an evolving set of rules for how ecosystem partners can interact with your Content on the Services. These rules exist to enable an open ecosystem with your rights in mind. You understand that we may modify or adapt your Content as it is distributed, syndicated, published, or broadcast by us and our partners and/or make changes to your Content in order to adapt the Content to different media.
You represent and warrant that you have, or have obtained, all rights, licenses, consents, permissions, power and/or authority necessary to grant the rights granted herein for any Content that you submit, post or display on or through the Services. You agree that such Content will not contain material subject to copyright or other proprietary rights, unless you have necessary permission or are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to grant TECH:ETHICS the license described above.
4. Using the services
Please review the TECH:ETHICS Rules (and, for Periscope, the Periscope Community Guidelines at https://pscp.tv/content), which are part of the User Agreement and outline what is prohibited on the Services. You may use the Services only in compliance with these Terms and all applicable laws, rules and regulations.
Our Services evolve constantly. As such, the Services may change from time to time, at our discretion. We may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing the Services or any features within the Services to you or to users generally. We also retain the right to create limits on use and storage at our sole discretion at any time. We may also remove or refuse to distribute any Content on the Services, suspend or terminate users, and reclaim usernames without liability to you.
In consideration for TECH:ETHICS granting you access to and use of the Services, you agree that TECH:ETHICS and its third-party providers and partners may place advertising on the Services or in connection with the display of Content or information from the Services whether submitted by you or others. You also agree not to misuse our Services, for example, by interfering with them or accessing them using a method other than the interface and the instructions that we provide. You may not do any of the following while accessing or using the Services: (i) access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Services, TECH:ETHICS’s computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of TECH:ETHICS’s providers; (ii) probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network or breach or circumvent any security or authentication measures; (iii) access or
    
 search or attempt to access or search the Services by any means (automated or otherwise) other than through our currently available, published interfaces that are provided by TECH:ETHICS (and only pursuant to the applicable terms and conditions), unless you have been specifically allowed to do so in a separate agreement with TECH:ETHICS (NOTE: crawling the Services is permissible if done
in accordance with the provisions of the robots.txt file, however, scraping
the Services without the prior consent of TECH:ETHICS is expressly prohibited); (iv) forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or posting, or in any way use the Services to send altered, deceptive
or false source-identifying information; or (v) interfere with, or disrupt, (or attempt to do so), the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, mail-bombing
the Services, or by scripting the creation of Content in such a manner as to interfere with or create an undue burden on the Services. We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce the Terms, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect the rights, property or safety of TECH:ETHICS, its users and the public. TECH:ETHICS does not disclose personally-identifying information to third parties except in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
If you use developer features of the Services, including but not limited to TECH:ETHICS for Websites (https://dev.twitter.com/web/overview), TECH:ETHICS Cards (https:// dev.twitter.com/cards/overview), Public API (https://dev.twitter.com/streaming/ public), or Sign in with TECH:ETHICS (https://dev.twitter.com/web/sign-in), you agree to our Developer Agreement (https://dev.twitter.com/overview/terms/agreement) and Developer Policy (https://dev.twitter.com/overview/terms/policy). If you want to reproduce, modify, create derivative works, distribute, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, or otherwise use the Services or Content on the Services, you must use the interfaces and instructions we provide, except as permitted through the TECH:ETHICS Services, these Terms, or the terms provided on dev.twitter.com.
If you use advertising features of the Services, you must agree to our TECH:ETHICS Master Services Agreement (https://ads.twitter.com/terms).
If you use Super Hearts, Coins, or Stars on Periscope, you agree to our Super Hearts Terms (https://legal.twitter.com/en/periscope/super/terms.html).
Your account
You may need to create an account to use some of our Services. You are responsible for safeguarding your account, so use a strong password and limit its use to this account. We cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the above.
                      
 You can control most communications from the Services. We may need to provide you with certain communications, such as service announcements and administrative messages. These communications are considered part of the Services and your account, and you may not be able to opt-out from receiving them. If you added your phone number to your account and you later change
or deactivate that phone number, you must update your account information to help prevent us from communicating with anyone who acquires your old number.
Your license to use the services
TECH:ETHICS gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non- exclusive license to use the software provided to you as part of the Services. This license has the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services as provided by TECH:ETHICS, in the manner permitted by these Terms. The Services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Nothing in the Terms gives you a right to use the TECH:ETHICS name or any of the TECH:ETHICS trademarks, logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand features. All right, title, and interest in and to the Services (excluding Content provided by users) are and will remain the exclusive property of TECH:ETHICS and its licensors. Any feedback, comments, or suggestions you may provide regarding TECH:ETHICS, or the Services is entirely voluntary and we will be free to use such feedback, comments or suggestions as we see fit and without any obligation to you.
Ending these terms
You may end your legal agreement with TECH:ETHICS at any time by deactivating
your accounts and discontinuing your use of the Services. See http://support. twitter.com/articles/15358-how-to-deactivate-your-account (and for Periscope, https://help.pscp.tv/customer/portal/articles/2460220) for instructions on how to deactivate your account and the Privacy Policy for more information on what happens to your information.
We may suspend or terminate your account or cease providing you with all or part of the Services at any time for any or no reason, including, but not limited to, if we reasonably believe: (i) you have violated these Terms or the TECH:ETHICS Rules or Periscope Community Guidelines, (ii) you create risk or possible legal exposure for us; (iii) your account should be removed due to unlawful conduct, (iv) your account should be removed due to prolonged inactivity; or (v) our provision of the Services to you is no longer commercially viable. We will make reasonable efforts to notify you by the email address associated with your account or the next time you attempt to access your account, depending on the circumstances. In all such cases, the Terms shall terminate, including, without limitation, your license to use the Services, except that the following sections shall continue to apply: II, III, V, and VI. If you believe your account was terminated in error you can file an appeal following the steps found in our Help Center (https://support. twitter.com/forms/general?subtopic=suspended).
        
 5. Limitations of liability
By using the Services you agree that TECH:ETHICS, its parents, affiliates, related companies, officers, directors, employees, agents representatives, partners and licensors, liability is limited to the maximum extent permissible in your country of residence.
6. General
We may revise these Terms from time to time. The changes will not be retroactive, and the most current version of the Terms, which will always be at twitter.com/tos, will govern our relationship with you. Other than for changes addressing new functions or made for legal reasons, we will notify you 30 days in advance of making effective changes to these Terms that impact the rights or obligations of any party to these Terms, for example via a service notification or an email to the email associated with your account. By continuing to access or use the Services after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms.
In the event that any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect. TECH:ETHICS’s failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be deemed a waiver of such right or provision.
These Terms are an agreement between you and TECH:ETHICS International Company, an Irish company with its registered office at One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street Dublin 2, D02 AX07 Ireland. If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Archive of previous terms
   
  TECH:ETHICS privacy policy
We believe you should always know what data we collect from you and how we use it, and that you should have meaningful control over both. We want to empower you to make the best decisions about the information that you share with us. That’s the basic purpose of this Privacy Policy.
You should read this policy in full, but here are a few key things we hope you take away from it:
• TECH:ETHICS is public and Tweets are immediately viewable and searchable by anyone around the world. We give you non-public ways to communicate on
TECH:ETHICS too, through protected Tweets and Direct Messages. You can also use TECH:ETHICS under a pseudonym if you prefer not to use your name.
• When you use TECH:ETHICS, even if you’re just looking at Tweets, we receive some personal information from you like the type of device you’re using and your IP address. You can choose to share additional information with us like your email address, phone number, address book contacts, and a public profile. We use this information for things like keeping your account secure and showing you more relevant Tweets, people to follow, events, and ads.
• We give you control through your settings to limit the data we collect from you and how we use it, and to control things like account security, marketing preferences, apps that can access your account, and address book contacts you’ve uploaded to TECH:ETHICS. You can also always download the information you have shared on TECH:ETHICS.
• In addition to information you share with us, we use your Tweets, content you’ve read, Liked, or Retweeted, and other information to determine what topics you’re interested in, your age, the languages you speak, and other signals to show you more relevant content. We give you transparency into that information, and you can modify or correct it at any time.
• If you have questions about this policy, how we collect or process your personal data, or anything else related to our privacy practices, we want to hear from you. You can contact us at any time.
    
 Information you share with us
We require certain information to provide our services to you. For example, you must have an account in order to upload or share content on TECH:ETHICS. When you choose to share the information below with us, we collect and use it to operate our services.
1.1 Basic account information
You don’t have to create an account to use some of our service features, such as searching and viewing public TECH:ETHICS profiles or watching a broadcast on Periscope’s website. If you do choose to create an account, you must provide us with some personal data so that we can provide our services to you. On TECH:ETHICS this includes a display name (for example, “TECH:ETHICS Moments”), a username
(for example, @TECH:ETHICSMoments), a password, and an email address or phone number. Your display name and username are always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. You can also create and manage multiple TECH:ETHICS accounts, for example to express different parts of your identity.
1.2 Public information
Most activity on TECH:ETHICS is public, including your profile information, your time zone and language, when you created your account, and your Tweets and certain information about your Tweets like the date, time, and application and version of TECH:ETHICS you Tweeted from. You also may choose to publish your location in your Tweets or your TECH:ETHICS profile. The lists you create, people you follow and who follow you, and Tweets you Like or Retweet are also public. Periscope broadcasts you create, click on, or otherwise engage with, either
on Periscope or on TECH:ETHICS, are public along with when you took those actions. So are your hearts, comments, the number of hearts you’ve received, which accounts you are a Superfan of, and whether you watched a broadcast live or on replay. Any hearts, comments, or other content you contribute to another account’s broadcast will remain part of that broadcast for as long as it remains on Periscope. Information posted about you by other people who use our services may also be public. For example, other people may tag you in a photo (if your settings allow) or mention you in a Tweet.
You are responsible for your Tweets and other information you provide through our services, and you should think carefully about what you make public, especially if it is sensitive information. If you update your public information on TECH:ETHICS, such as by deleting a Tweet or deactivating your account, we will reflect your updated content on TECH:ETHICS.com, TECH:ETHICS for iOS, and TECH:ETHICS for Android.
   
 In addition to providing your public information to the world directly on TECH:ETHICS, we also use technology like application programming interfaces (APIs) and embeds to make that information available to websites, apps, and others for their use - for example, displaying Tweets on a news website or analyzing
what people say on TECH:ETHICS. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have standard terms that govern how this data can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with TECH:ETHICS, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on TECH:ETHICS. For more information about how we make public data on TECH:ETHICS available to the world, visit https://developer.twitter.com.
1.3 Contact information and address books
We use your contact information, such as your email address or phone number, to authenticate your account and keep it - and our services - secure, and
to help prevent spam, fraud, and abuse. We also use contact information to personalize our services, enable certain account features (for example, for login verification or TECH:ETHICS via SMS), and to send you information about our services. If you provide us with your phone number, you agree to receive text messages from TECH:ETHICS to that number as your country’s laws allow. TECH:ETHICS also uses your contact information to market to you as your country’s laws allow, and to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications. You can use your settings for email and mobile notifications to control notifications you receive from TECH:ETHICS. You can also unsubscribe from a notification by following the instructions contained within the notification or here.
You can choose to upload and sync your address book on TECH:ETHICS so that we can help you find and connect with people you know and help others find and connect with you. We also use this information to better recommend content to you and others.
You can sign up for Periscope with an account from another service like TECH:ETHICS, Google, or Facebook, or connect your Periscope account to these other services. If you do, we will use information from that service, including your email address, friends, or contacts list, to recommend other accounts or content to you or to recommend your account or content to others. You can control whether your Periscope account is discoverable by email through your Periscope settings.
If you email us, we will keep the content of your message, your email address, and your contact information to respond to your request.
            
 1.4 Direct messages and
non-public communications
We provide certain features that let you communicate more privately or control who sees your content. For example, you can use Direct Messages to have non-public conversations on TECH:ETHICS, protect your Tweets, or host private broadcasts on Periscope. When you communicate with others by sending or receiving Direct Messages, we will store and process your communications and information related to them. This includes link scanning for malicious content, link shortening to http://t.co URLs, detection of spam and prohibited images, and review of reported issues. We also use information about whom you have communicated with and when (but not the content of those communications)
to better understand the use of our services, to protect the safety and integrity of our platform, and to show more relevant content. We share the content of your Direct Messages with the people you’ve sent them to; we do not use them to serve you ads. Note that if you interact in a way that would ordinarily be public with TECH:ETHICS content shared with you via Direct Message, for instance
by liking a Tweet, those interactions will be public. When you use features like Direct Messages to communicate, remember that recipients have their own copy of your communications on TECH:ETHICS - even if you delete your copy of those messages from your account - which they may duplicate, store, or re-share.
1.5 Payment information
You may provide us with payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address, in order to purchase advertising or other offerings provided as part of our services.
1.6 How you control the information you
share with us
Your Privacy and safety settings let you decide:
• Whether your Tweets are publicly available on TECH:ETHICS
• Whether others can tag you in a photo
• Whether you will be able to receive Direct Messages from anyone on TECH:ETHICS
or just your followers
• Whether others can find you based on your email or phone number
• Whether you upload your address book to TECH:ETHICS for storage and use
• When and where you may see sensitive content on TECH:ETHICS
• Whether you want to block or mute other TECH:ETHICS accounts
         
 Additional information we receive about you
We receive certain information when you use our services or other websites or mobile applications that include our content, and from third parties including advertisers. Like the information you share with us, we use the data below to operate our services.
2.1 Location information
We require information about your signup and current location, which we get from signals such as your IP address or device settings, to securely and reliably set up and maintain your account and to provide our services to you.
Subject to your settings, we may collect, use, and store additional information about your location - such as your current precise position or places where you’ve previously used TECH:ETHICS - to operate or personalize our services including with more relevant content like local trends, stories, ads, and suggestions for people to follow. Learn more about TECH:ETHICS’s use of location here, and how to set your TECH:ETHICS location preferences here. Learn more about how to share your location in Periscope broadcasts here.
2.2 Links
In order to operate our services, we keep track of how you interact with links across our services. This includes links in emails we send you and links in Tweets that appear on other websites or mobile applications.
If you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from TECH:ETHICS or Periscope, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach. They may also collect other personal data from you, such as cookie identifiers or your IP address.
2.3 Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of data that is stored on your computer or mobile device. Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our services such as searching and looking at public profiles. Although most web browsers automatically accept cookies, many browsers’ settings can be set to decline cookies or alert you when a website
is attempting to place a cookie on your computer. However, some of our
    
 services may not function properly if you disable cookies. When your browser or device allows it, we use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our services, to monitor aggregate usage patterns, and to personalize and otherwise operate our services such as by providing account security, personalizing the content we show you including ads, and remembering your language preferences. We do not support the Do Not Track browser option. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies here.
2.4 Log data
We receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with
our services, which we refer to as “Log Data,” even if you have not created
an account. For example, when you visit our websites, sign into our services, interact with our email notifications, use your account to authenticate to a third- party service, or visit a third-party service that includes TECH:ETHICS content, we may receive information about you. This Log Data includes information such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device information (including device and application IDs), search terms, and cookie information. We also receive Log Data when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through TECH:ETHICS. We use Log Data to operate our services and ensure their secure, reliable, and robust performance. For example, we use Log Data to protect the security of accounts and to determine what content is popular on our services. We also use this data to improve the content we show you, including ads.
We use information you provide to us and data we receive, including Log Data and data from third parties, to make inferences like what topics you may be interested in, how old you are, and what languages you speak. This helps us better design our services for you and personalize the content we show you, including ads.
2.5 TECH:ETHICS for web data
When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate TECH:ETHICS content such as embedded timelines or Tweet buttons, we may receive Log Data that includes the web page you visited. We use this information to better understand the use of our services, to protect the safety and integrity of our platform, and
to show more relevant content, including ads. We do not associate this web browsing history with your name, email address, phone number, or username, and we delete, obfuscate, or aggregate it after no longer than 30 days. We do not collect this data from browsers that we believe to be located in the European Union or EFTA States.
    
 2.6 Advertisers and other ad partners
Advertising revenue allows us to support and improve our services. We use the information described in this Privacy Policy to help make our advertising more relevant to you, to measure its effectiveness, and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of TECH:ETHICS. Our ad partners and affiliates share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, mobile device IDs, hashed email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology.
TECH:ETHICS adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (also referred to as “interest-based advertising”) and respects the DAA’s consumer choice tool for you to opt out of interest- based advertising at https://optout.aboutads.info. In addition, our ads policies prohibit advertisers from targeting ads based on categories that we consider sensitive or are prohibited by law, such as race, religion, politics, sex life, or health. Learn more about your privacy options for interest-based ads here and about how ads work on our services here.
If you are an advertiser or a prospective advertiser, we process your personal data to help offer and provide our advertising services. You can update your data in your TECH:ETHICS Ads dashboard or by contacting us directly as described in this Privacy Policy.
2.7 Developers
If you access our APIs or developer portal, we process your personal data to help provide our services. You can update your data by contacting us directly as described in this Privacy Policy.
2.8 Other third parties and affiliates
We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as others on TECH:ETHICS, partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our corporate affiliates, and other services you link to your TECH:ETHICS account.
You may choose to connect your TECH:ETHICS account to accounts on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account
on that service. We use the information we receive to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services. For integrations that TECH:ETHICS formally supports, you may revoke this permission at any time from your application settings; for other integrations, please visit the other service you have connected to TECH:ETHICS.
          
 2.9 Personalizing across your devices
When you log into TECH:ETHICS on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account for purposes such as authentication, security,
and personalization. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to log into TECH:ETHICS (or associate your logged-out device or browser with other browsers or devices). We do this to operate and personalize our services. For example, if you visit websites with sports content on your laptop, we may show you sports-related ads on TECH:ETHICS for Android.
2.10 How you control additional information we receive
Your TECH:ETHICS Personalization and data settings let you decide:
• Whether we show you interest-based ads on and off TECH:ETHICS
• How we personalize your experience across devices
• Whether we collect and use your precise location
• Whether we personalize your experience based on where you’ve been
• Whether we keep track of the websites where you see TECH:ETHICS content
You can use Your TECH:ETHICS data to review:
• Advertisers who have included you in tailored audiences to serve you ads
• Demographic and interest data about your account from our ads partners
• Information that TECH:ETHICS has inferred about you such as your age range,
gender, languages, and interests
We also provide a version of these tools on TECH:ETHICS if you don’t have a TECH:ETHICS account, or if you’re logged out of your account. This lets you see the data and settings for the logged out browser or device you are using, separate from any TECH:ETHICS account that uses that browser or device. On Periscope, you can control whether we personalize your experience based on your watch history through your settings.
     
 Information we share and disclose
As noted above, TECH:ETHICS is designed to broadly and instantly disseminate information you share publicly through our services. In the limited circumstances where we disclose your private personal data, we do so subject to your control, because it’s necessary to operate our services, or because it’s required by law.
3.1 Sharing you control
We share or disclose your personal data with your consent or at your direction, such as when you authorize a third-party web client or application to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business.
If you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected Tweets with someone else who accesses TECH:ETHICS through a third-party service, keep in mind that the information may be shared with the third-party service.
Subject to your settings, we also provide certain third parties with personal data to help us offer or operate our services. For example, we share with advertisers the identifiers of devices that saw their ads, to enable them to measure the effectiveness of our advertising business. We also share device identifiers, along with the interests or other characteristics of a device or the person using it, to help partners decide whether to serve an ad to that device or to enable them to conduct marketing, brand analysis, interest-based advertising, or similar activities. You can learn more about these partnerships in our Help Center, and you can control whether TECH:ETHICS shares your personal data in this way by using the “Share your data with TECH:ETHICS’s business partners” option in your Personalization and Data settings. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy, such as when we share data with
our service providers.) The information we share with these partners does not include your name, email address, phone number, or TECH:ETHICS username, but some of these partnerships allow the information we share to be linked to other personal information if the partner gets your consent first.
3.2 Service providers
We engage service providers to perform functions and provide services to us in the United States, Ireland, and other countries. For example, we use a variety of third-party services to help operate our services, such as hosting our various blogs and wikis, and to help us understand the use of our services, such as Google Analytics. We may share your private personal data with such service
         
 providers subject to obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures, and on the condition that
the third parties use your private personal data only on our behalf and pursuant to our instructions. We share your payment information with payment services providers to process payments; prevent, detect, and investigate fraud or other prohibited activities; facilitate dispute resolution such as chargebacks or refunds; and for other purposes associated with the acceptance of credit and debit cards.
3.3 Law, harm, and the public interest
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy or controls we may otherwise offer to you, we may preserve, use, or disclose your personal data if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; to protect the safety of any person; to protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services, or to explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services; to address fraud, security, or technical issues; or to protect our rights or property or the rights or property of those who use our services. However, nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party’s, including a government’s, request to disclose your personal data.
3.4 Affiliates and change of ownership
In the event that we are involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization, or sale of assets, your personal data may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal data as transferred to the new entity. We may also disclose personal data about you to our corporate affiliates in order to help operate our services and our affiliates’ services, including the delivery of ads.
3.5 Non-personal information
We share or disclose non-personal data, such as aggregated information like the total number of times people engaged with a Tweet, the number of people who clicked on a particular link or voted on a poll in a Tweet (even if only one did),
the topics that people are Tweeting about in a particular location, or reports to advertisers about how many people saw or clicked on their ads.
  
 Managing your personal information with us
You control the personal data you share with us. You can access or rectify this data at any time. You can also deactivate your account. We also provide you tools to object, restrict, or withdraw consent where applicable for the use of data you have provided to
TECH:ETHICS. And we make the data you shared through our services portable and provide easy ways for you to contact us.
4.1 Accessing or rectifying your personal data
If you have registered an account on TECH:ETHICS, we provide you with tools and account settings to access, correct, delete, or modify the personal data you provided to us and associated with your account. You can download certain account information, including your Tweets, by following the instructions
here. On Periscope, you can request correction, deletion, or modification of your personal data, and download your account information, by following the instructions here. You can learn more about the interests we have inferred about you in Your TECH:ETHICS Data and request access to additional information here.
4.2 Deletion
We keep Log Data for a maximum of 18 months. If you follow the instructions here (or for Periscope here), your account will be deactivated and then deleted. When deactivated, your TECH:ETHICS account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on TECH:ETHICS.com, TECH:ETHICS for iOS,
and TECH:ETHICS for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your TECH:ETHICS account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated.
Keep in mind that search engines and other third parties may still retain copies of your public information, like your profile information and public Tweets, even after you have deleted the information from our services or deactivated your account. Learn more here.
4.3 Object, restrict, or withdraw consent
When you are logged into your TECH:ETHICS account, you can manage your privacy settings and other account features here at any time.
         
 4.4 Portability
TECH:ETHICS provides you a means to download the information you have shared through our services by following the steps here. Periscope provides you a means to download the information you have shared through our services by following the steps here.
4.5 Additional information or assistance
Thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy? Please let us know by contacting us here or writing to us at the appropriate address below.
If you live in the United States, the data controller responsible for your personal data is TECH:ETHICS, Inc. with an address of:
TECH:ETHICS, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry 1355 Market Street, Suite 900 San Francisco, CA 94103
If you live outside the United States, the data controller is TECH:ETHICS International Company, with an address of:
TECH:ETHICS International Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND
If you are located in the European Union or EFTA States, you can confidentially contact TECH:ETHICS’s Data Protection Officer here. If you wish to raise a concern about our use of your information (and without prejudice to any other rights you may have), you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or TECH:ETHICS International Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission. You can find their contact details here.
     
 Children and our services
Our services are not directed to children, and you may not use our services
if you are under the age of 13. You must also be old enough to consent to the processing of your personal data in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf). You must be at least 16 years of age to use Periscope.
Our global operations and privacy shield
To bring you our services, we operate globally. Where the laws of your country allow you to do so, you authorize us to transfer, store, and use your data in the United States, Ireland, and any other country where we operate. In some of the countries to which we transfer personal data, the privacy and data protection laws and rules regarding when government authorities may access data may vary from those of your country. Learn more about our global operations and data transfer here.
When we transfer personal data outside of the European Union or EFTA States, we ensure an adequate level of protection for the rights of data subjects based
on the adequacy of the receiving country’s data protection laws, contractual obligations placed on the recipient of the data (model clauses may be requested by inquiry as described below), or EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield principles.
TECH:ETHICS, Inc. complies with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield principles (the “Principles”) regarding the collection, use, sharing, and retention of personal data from the European Union and Switzerland, as described in our EU-US Privacy Shield certification and Swiss-US Privacy Shield certification.
If you have a Privacy Shield-related complaint, please contact us here. As
part of our participation in Privacy Shield, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal complaint resolution process, alternatively through the independent dispute resolution body JAMS, and under certain conditions, through the Privacy Shield arbitration process.
Privacy Shield participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU or Switzerland to third parties outside the EU and Switzerland. Learn more about the EU-US Privacy Shield and Swiss-US Privacy Shield here.
Changes to this privacy policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our processing of your personal data and will always be at
        
 https://twitter.com/privacy. If we make a change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will notify you via an @TECH:ETHICS update or email to the email address associated with your account. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
Effective: May 25, 2018
Archive of Previous Privacy Policies
   
  The TECH:ETHICS Rules
We believe that everyone should have the power to create and share ideas
and information instantly, without barriers. In order to protect the experience and safety of people who use TECH:ETHICS, there are some limitations on the type of content and behavior that we allow. These limitations are set forth in the TECH:ETHICS Rules below.
The TECH:ETHICS Rules (along with all incorporated policies), Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service collectively make up the “TECH:ETHICS User Agreement” that governs a user’s access to and use of TECH:ETHICS’s services.
All individuals accessing or using TECH:ETHICS’s services must adhere to the policies set forth in the TECH:ETHICS Rules. Failure to do so may result in TECH:ETHICS taking one or more of the following enforcement actions:
• requiring you to delete prohibited content before you can again create new posts and interact with other TECH:ETHICS users;
• temporarily limiting your ability to create posts or interact with other TECH:ETHICS users;
• asking you to verify account ownership with a phone number or email address; or
• permanently suspending your account(s).
If you attempt to evade a permanent suspension by creating new accounts, we
will suspend your new accounts.
Please note that we may need to change these Rules from time to time and reserve the right to do so. The most current version is always available at: https://twitter.com/rules.
The policies set forth in these TECH:ETHICS Rules govern organic content on our platform. To learn more about the rules which govern ads and promoted content, please review our Ads policies.
Content boundaries and use of twitter
Intellectual property
Trademark: We reserve the right to suspend accounts or take other appropriate
      
 action when someone’s brand or trademark, including business name and/or logo, is used in a manner that may mislead or confuse others about your brand affiliation. Read more about our trademark policy and how to report a violation.
Copyright: We will respond to clear and complete notices of alleged copyright infringement. Our copyright procedures are set forth in our Terms of Service. Read more about our copyright policy.
Graphic violence and adult content
We consider graphic violence to be any form of gory media related to death, serious injury, violence, or surgical procedures. We consider adult content to be any media that is pornographic and/or may be intended to cause sexual arousal. Learn more about our media policy.
TECH:ETHICS allows some forms of graphic violence and/or adult content in Tweets marked as containing sensitive media. However, you may not use such content in your profile or header images. Additionally, TECH:ETHICS may sometimes require you to remove excessively graphic violence out of respect for the deceased and their families if we receive a request from their family or an authorized representative. Learn more about how to make such a request, and how to mark your media as sensitive.
Unlawful use
You may not use our service for any unlawful purposes or in furtherance of illegal activities. By using TECH:ETHICS, you agree to comply with all applicable laws governing your online conduct and content.
Trends
At times, we may prevent certain content from trending. This includes content that violates the TECH:ETHICS Rules, as well as content that may attempt to manipulate trends. Read more about what we allow and do not allow to trend.
Third-party advertising in video content
You may not submit, post, or display any video content on or through our services that includes third-party advertising, such as pre-roll video ads or sponsorship graphics, without our prior consent.
Misuse of TECH:ETHICS badges
You may not use badges, including but not limited to the “promoted” or “verified” TECH:ETHICS badges, unless provided by TECH:ETHICS. Accounts using unauthorized badges
as part of their profile photos, header photos, display names, or in any way that falsely implies affiliation with TECH:ETHICS or authorization from TECH:ETHICS to display these badges, may be suspended.
         
 Misuse of usernames
Selling usernames: You may not buy or sell TECH:ETHICS usernames.
Username squatting: You may not engage in username squatting. Some of the factors we take into consideration when determining whether conduct is username squatting include:
• the number of accounts created;
• the creation of accounts for the purpose of preventing others from using
those account names;
• the creation of accounts for the purpose of selling those accounts; and
• the use of third-party content feeds to update and maintain accounts under
the names of those third parties.
Please note that TECH:ETHICS may also remove accounts that are inactive for more
than six months. Learn more about username squatting.
Abusive behavior
We believe in freedom of expression and open dialogue, but that means little as an underlying philosophy if voices are silenced because people are afraid to speak up. In order to ensure that people feel safe expressing diverse opinions and beliefs, we prohibit behavior that crosses the line into abuse, including behavior that harasses, intimidates, or uses fear to silence another user’s voice.
Context matters when evaluating for abusive behavior and determining appropriate enforcement actions. Factors we may take into consideration include, but are not limited to whether:
• the behavior is targeted at an individual or group of people;
• the report has been filed by the target of the abuse or a bystander;
• the behavior is newsworthy and in the legitimate public interest.
Violence and physical harm
Violence: You may not make specific threats of violence or wish for the serious physical harm, death, or disease of an individual or group of people. This includes, but is not limited to, threatening or promoting terrorism. You also may not affiliate with organizations that — whether by their own statements or activity both on and off the platform — use or promote violence against civilians to further their causes.
Suicide or self-harm: You may not promote or encourage suicide or self-harm. When we receive reports that a person is threatening suicide or self-harm, we may take a number of steps to assist them, such as reaching out to that person and providing resources such as contact information for our mental health partners.
     
 Child sexual exploitation: You may not promote child sexual exploitation. Learn more about our zero-tolerance child sexual exploitation policy.
Abuse and hateful conduct
Abuse: You may not engage in the targeted harassment of someone, or incite other people to do so. We consider abusive behavior an attempt to harass, intimidate, or silence someone else’s voice.
Unwanted sexual advances: You may not direct abuse at someone by sending unwanted sexual content, objectifying them in a sexually explicit manner, or otherwise engaging in sexual misconduct.
Hateful conduct: You may not promote violence against, threaten, or harass other people on the basis of race, ethnicity, national origin, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, religious affiliation, age, disability, or serious disease. Read more about our hateful conduct policy.
Hateful imagery and display names: You may not use hateful images or symbols in your profile image or profile header. You also may not use your username, display name, or profile bio to engage in abusive behavior, such as targeted harassment or expressing hate towards a person, group, or protected category.
Private information and intimate media
Private information: You may not publish or post other people’s private information without their express authorization and permission. Definitions of private information may vary depending on local laws. Read more about our private information policy.
Intimate media: You may not post or share intimate photos or videos of someone that were produced or distributed without their consent. Read more about intimate media on TECH:ETHICS.
Threats to expose / hack: You may not threaten to expose someone’s private information or intimate media. You also may not threaten to hack or break into someone’s digital information.
Impersonation
You may not impersonate individuals, groups, or organizations in a manner
that is intended to or does mislead, confuse, or deceive others. While you may maintain parody, fan, commentary, or newsfeed accounts, you may not do so if the intent of the account is to engage in spamming or abusive behavior. Read more about our impersonation policy.
Spam and security
We strive to protect people on TECH:ETHICS from technical abuse and spam.
            
 To promote a stable and secure environment on TECH:ETHICS, you may not do, or attempt to do, any of the following while accessing or using TECH:ETHICS:
• Access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of TECH:ETHICS, TECH:ETHICS’s computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of TECH:ETHICS’s providers (except as expressly permitted by the TECH:ETHICS Bug Bounty program).
• Probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network, or breach or circumvent any security or authentication measures (except as expressly permitted by the TECH:ETHICS Bug Bounty program).
• Access or search, or attempt to access or search, TECH:ETHICS by any means (automated or otherwise) other than through our currently available, published interfaces that are provided by TECH:ETHICS (and only pursuant to the applicable terms and conditions), unless you have been specifically allowed to do so in a separate agreement with TECH:ETHICS. Note that crawling TECH:ETHICS is permissible if done in accordance with the provisions of the robots.txt file; however, scraping TECH:ETHICS without our prior consent is expressly prohibited.
• Forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or posting, or in any way use TECH:ETHICS to send altered, deceptive, or false source-identifying information.
• Interfere with or disrupt the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, mail- bombing TECH:ETHICS’s services, or by scripting the creation of content in such a manner as to interfere with or create an undue burden on TECH:ETHICS.
Any accounts engaging in the following activities may be temporarily locked or subject to permanent suspension:
• Malware/Phishing: You may not publish or link to malicious content intended to damage or disrupt another person’s browser or computer or to compromise a person’s privacy.
• Spam: You may not use TECH:ETHICS’s services for the purpose of spamming anyone. Spam is generally defined on TECH:ETHICS as bulk or aggressive activity that attempts to manipulate or disrupt TECH:ETHICS or the experience of users on TECH:ETHICS to drive traffic or attention to unrelated accounts, products, services, or initiatives. Some of the factors that we take into account when determining what conduct is considered to be spamming include:
1. if you have followed and/or unfollowed a large number of of accounts in a short time period, particularly by automated means (aggressive following or follower churn);
2. if your Tweets or Direct Messages consist mainly of links shared without commentary;
3. if a large number of people have blocked you in response to high volumes of untargeted, unsolicited, or duplicative content or engagements from your account;

 4. if a large number of spam complaints have been filed against you;
5. if you post duplicative or substantially similar content, replies, or mentions
over multiple accounts or multiple duplicate updates on one account, or
create duplicate or substantially similar accounts;
6. if you post multiple updates to a trending or popular topic with an intent
to subvert or manipulate the topic to drive traffic or attention to unrelated
accounts, products, services, or initiatives;
7. if you send large numbers of unsolicited replies or mentions;
8. if you add users to lists in a bulk or aggressive manner;
9. if you are randomly or aggressively engaging with Tweets (e.g., likes, Retweets, etc.) or users (e.g., following, adding to lists or Moments, etc.) to drive traffic or attention to unrelated accounts, products, services, or initiatives;
10. if you repeatedly post other people’s account information as your own (e.g., bio, Tweets, profile URL, etc.);
11. ifyoupostmisleading,deceptive,ormaliciouslinks(e.g.,affiliatelinks,links to malware/clickjacking pages, etc.);
12. if you create fake accounts, account interactions, or impressions;
13. if you sell, purchase, or attempt to artificially inflate account interactions
(such as followers, Retweets, likes, etc.); and
14. if you use or promote third-party services or apps that claim to get you more
followers, Retweets, or likes (such as follower trains, sites promising “more followers fast”, or any other site that offers to automatically add followers or engagements to your account or Tweets).
Please see our support articles on following rules and best practices and automation rules and best practices for more detailed information about how the Rules apply to those particular account behaviors. Accounts created to replace suspended accounts may be permanently suspended.
Content Visibility
Accounts under investigation or which have been detected as sharing content
in violation of these Rules may have their account or Tweet visibility limited in various parts of TECH:ETHICS, including search. To learn more about situations in which content may be restricted on TECH:ETHICS, please see our support article on search rules and restrictions.
    
